README.md, before:

# ClashTui

![Demo](./Assets/clashtui_demo.gif)

Language: [English](./README.md) | [中文](./README_ZH.md)

## Table of Contents

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
<!-- vim-markdown-toc GFM -->

* [Install](#install)
* [ClashTUI Usage](#clashtui-usage)
* [Uninstall](#uninstall)
* [See more](#see-more)
* [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

<!-- vim-markdown-toc -->
</details>

## Install

```powershell
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohanChane/clashtui/refs/heads/win/install.ps1 | Invoke-Expression
```

## ClashTUI Usage

See [ClashTUI Usage](https://github.com/JohanChane/clashtui/blob/main/Doc/win/clashtui_usage.md)

## Uninstall

```powershell
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohanChane/clashtui/refs/heads/win/install.ps1 -outfile 'install.ps1'
.\install.ps1 -Uninstall
```

## See more

[Doc](https://github.com/JohanChane/clashtui/tree/main/Doc)

## Disclaimer

This project is for learning and reference purposes only. The author does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of the code in this project. Users should use the code in this project at their own risk.

The author is not responsible for any direct or indirect losses caused by the use of the code in this project, including but not limited to data loss, computer damage, or business interruption.

Before using the code in this project, users should fully understand its functionality and potential risks, and seek professional advice if necessary. The author assumes no responsibility for any consequences resulting from the use of the code in this project.

When using the code in this project, users must comply with relevant laws and regulations and refrain from using it for illegal activities or activities that infringe upon the rights of others.

The author reserves the right to interpret and modify this disclaimer at any time.

Commit message:

fixup! Add install.ps1 and organize documents

README.md, after:

# ClashTui

![Demo](./Assets/clashtui_demo.gif)

Language: [English](./README.md) | [中文](./README_ZH.md)

## Table of Contents

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
<!-- vim-markdown-toc GFM -->

* [Install](#install)
* [ClashTUI Usage](#clashtui-usage)
* [Uninstall](#uninstall)
* [See more](#see-more)
* [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

<!-- vim-markdown-toc -->
</details>

## Install

```powershell
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohanChane/clashtui/refs/heads/win/install.ps1 -outfile 'install.ps1'
.\install.ps1 -InstallDir "D:\ClashTUI" # Do not include spaces in the installation path
```

## ClashTUI Usage

See [ClashTUI Usage](https://github.com/JohanChane/clashtui/blob/main/Doc/win/clashtui_usage.md)

## Uninstall

```powershell
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohanChane/clashtui/refs/heads/win/install.ps1 -outfile 'install.ps1'
.\install.ps1 -Uninstall
```

## See more

[Doc](https://github.com/JohanChane/clashtui/tree/main/Doc)

## Disclaimer

This project is for learning and reference purposes only. The author does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of the code in this project. Users should use the code in this project at their own risk.

The author is not responsible for any direct or indirect losses caused by the use of the code in this project, including but not limited to data loss, computer damage, or business interruption.

Before using the code in this project, users should fully understand its functionality and potential risks, and seek professional advice if necessary. The author assumes no responsibility for any consequences resulting from the use of the code in this project.

When using the code in this project, users must comply with relevant laws and regulations and refrain from using it for illegal activities or activities that infringe upon the rights of others.

The author reserves the right to interpret and modify this disclaimer at any time.
